Frequency distribution: A frequency distribution is a tabulat representation of data, showing the number of times of each value
Range = L-S


Kurtosis is a way to describe how the tails of a data distribution look compared to a normal distribution.
It tells us if there are more or fewer extreme values (outliers) than we'd expect in a normal distribution.


Axiomatic approach not less than 0 not more than 1
0 is called impossible event
1 is  called certain event


The discrete random variable takes a countable number of possible outcomes and it can be counted as 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, .......
discrete random variable: binomial poisson distribution
A continuous random variable is one which takes an infinite number of possible values.
continuous random variable : normal distribution


A binomial distribution is a way to describe the number of times an event happens in a fixed number of tries or experiments,
where each try has only two possible outcomes: success or failure. It is used when you repeat the same experiment multiple times
and each experiment is independent of the others.


A Poisson distribution is a way to describe the number of times an event happens within a fixed period of time or in a specific area or volume, where these events happen independently of each other. It is used for events that occur randomly and infrequently.


Regression is a statistical method used to understand and predict the relationship between two or more variables.
If you want to predict a student's test score based on the number of hours they studied, regression can help find the relationship between study


10Ans
Here are two key characteristics of the t-distribution:

Symmetry and Shape:

The t-distribution is symmetric around zero, similar to the standard normal distribution (bell curve).
It has heavier tails than the normal distribution, meaning it is more prone to producing values that fall far from its mean.
Dependence on Degrees of Freedom:

The shape of the t-distribution is determined by the degrees of freedom (df), which are typically related to the sample size.
As the degrees of freedom increase, the t-distribution approaches the shape of the standard normal distribution. With a large number of degrees of freedom, the differences between the t-distribution and the normal distribution become negligible.


You can use a Poisson distribution to predict or explain the number of events occurring within a given interval of time or space.